FF119RelNote: WebTransport supports sendorder (#29410)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/119/index.md

### APIs

> - The relative priority for send streams can now be specified in an options argument passed to [`WebTransport.createBidirectionalStream()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebTransport/createBidirectionalStream) and [`WebTransport.createUnidirectionalStream()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebTransport/createUnidirectionalStream) ([Firefox bug 1816925](https://bugzil.la/1816925)).

Reviewer: Would be good to mention the name of the property. How about:

```suggestion
- The relative priority for send streams can now be specified by including the `sendOrder` property inside an options argument passed to [`WebTransport.createBidirectionalStream()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebTransport/createBidirectionalStream) and [`WebTransport.createUnidirectionalStream()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebTransport/createUnidirectionalStream) ([Firefox bug 1816925](https://bugzil.la/1816925)).
```

Author: Sounds better to me. Thank you very much.
